chore: Update Contributing guide with publishing instructions (#1123)
getsentry/sentry-wizard: CONTRIBUTING.md

```
- ref!: Bump main Node.js version to the earliest LTS v18 ([#793](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard/pull/793))
```

### Publishing a Release

The wizard is released via our usual Craft and `getsetntry/publish` flow:

1. Make sure the changelog is in a good and complete state.
   If not, open a PR against `master` to [update it](#updating-the-changelog)
2. Determine the next version (we follow semver versioning)
3. In GitHub, go to "Actions" and start the "Release" action
4. Enter the version to be released.

>    If you're publishing a normal release, no other input fields are required.

Reviewer: Hard to tell from this what a "normal" release entails and when its not normal. Maybe we can phrase this around releasing a version for a current major?

>    If you're publishing a normal release, no other input fields are required.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Enter the version to be released.
   If you're publishing a stable release, no other input fields are required.
   If you release from a branch (e.g. for alpha/beta releases), set the branch as the target branch.
```
